Combat strength conditions (#169)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/Player-Conditions.md

* `"installed plugin: <plugin>"` will be equal to 1 if a plugin with the given name is currently loaded, or 0 if no such plugin is loaded. **(v. 0.10.3)**
* `"person destroyed: <name>"` will be equal to 1 if the person ship of the given name has been destroyed, or 0 if it is still alive. **(v. 0.10.3)**
* `"landing access: <planet name>"` will be equal to 1 if your flagship has the ability to land on the given planet, 0 otherwise. **(v. 0.10.7)**

> * `"flagship strength"` is the combat strength of your flagship, calculated based on weapon damage and reload times. **(v. 0.10.15)**
> * `"player strength"` is the combat strength of your fleet, calculated based on weapon damage and reload times. This also includes ships in other systems. **(v. 0.10.15)**

Reviewer: smh
https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/addb96d0f9173570039a614936e8e251acde4366/source/Ship.cpp#L1281-L1284
```suggestion
* `"flagship strength"` is the combat strength of your flagship, calculated based on the total cost of its hull and installed outfits. **(v. 0.10.15)**
* `"player strength"` is the combat strength of your fleet, calculated based on the total cost of ship hulls and installed outfits. This also includes ships in other systems. **(v. 0.10.15)**
```
